to
Milan
not4chan ahahah how to detect memory annalisa scarrone forum black forest
Yup
porn
between
myself
there is still no end to the echo of the world record of the category triumphantly
beat new york
that in a few days Gianni will be the extraordinary athlete of the island of Ischia
that without a leg for tender age the 16 years following a terrible
car accident
will participate in the Chicago Marathon with the clear goal of improving
further previous record of ber you buy 42 kilometers expected
under the 5 moons 5 minutes and 44 sorcerer
gianni excellent and exemplary sport as well as being a marathon runner is also
an excellent football player pecorso the aid of the
crutches manages to become the protagonist of brilliant games descends to achieve
what's this
that many soccer players can't even do with during on television
drink the tart on the fly
head off marks hey spectacular goals
hear hear can even perform spectacular reversed that leave with
breathless
how wonderful tv viewers attend his games
beyond belief
hahaha
these days in view of the new chicago challenge
he is training every day on the extraordinary beautiful roads
ischia island where he was born and there he is
there are steep climbs and descents, sometimes flat, traced by
race with the same ease as if he were walking, jumping at each
step forward that accomplishes
leaning against the prints of the
we met him on the street during one of his exhausting workouts
confident feels in full form and will try not to disappoint the expectations of
who expects from him
a new historical undertaking in that of quotes when the film naturally
his first goal is to reach the end of the line
he's very relationship
very hard
streaked stool exam
if there are no myths yahoo.it paired names
it makes the hard thing to eat too strong to obviously prioritize
of the evening July 15th
party of women heat that I had this year
he leaves the nursing home in the evening
we were
destroyed
after an alliance
but also during training
verona cereal listels very very very high law
last minute 20 days and I have to say what things have improved
we had a very bituminous temperature but you almost joined me in between
pics all I don't know that they did us during the summer
parade 9 which of us have because in any case 4 5 boys are attracted
who will accompany me in this chicago marathon
and then you leave the 9 who vote for boys. I'll adapt all summer
your life is beautiful sansone phrases
tonight
like last year of gold
and there is between the street you enter with participation faenza and color
rs find all the roads and goes down to dispose of even a little
because it is said to be the search for ends and its marathon
this is subjective and 2 others will accompany you as a cameraman and as
Journalist
email colella and nero on andrea
nothing to say
this year I feel pretty good
perhaps a little better than last year. was
I feel a lot more fatigue
standard cost
i hope jared leto define know video from last night
floor plan users this year I could also
choose a few minutes
while in italy gianni sasso that should represent a true e
own national sport icon
literally ignored by the press and national television stations except you
says one who in the past few months has shown a few seconds
of the entrance you do not from new york
abroad he begins to appreciate his emotions with emotion
companies
following the diffusion of the previous service in the Teutonic countries
journalistic work carried out by the editorship dpcm legibus a New York company
of the athletes alone me translated into German
Gianni Sassi was invited to Austria where she participated
has a historic marathon dividend 5 kilometers
incredible to say the opposite of what happens in Italy
Gianni was welcomed in Austria as a hero
waiting for him at the finish line the Austrians, - beamed applauded in the
moment in which to cross the finish line of the lake oxa while the speaker with joy
accompanied the arrival of Italian janty starring next
chicago marathon
you have bye
the man
someone human heart school no ahahah come love you go clay catalfamo
annalisa scarrone but not everything is always on that occasion gianni was
interviewed by the broadcaster rtl
the German rai 1 giving to be clear that it will soon air
a service on our special athlete that we hope from now on prof
bounce even to the honors of the national news and not just those
international
at this point we just have to wish gianni pride the cloak of sport
Italian true that not fooled to be able to return from Chicago with a new e
extraordinary positive result